Add code-style section about func param ordering (#2058)
Dynatrace/dynatrace-operator: doc/coding-style-guide.md

- Do not create methods with more than two parameters (in extremely rare occasions maybe three) except constructors and factory functions. Structs and interfaces exist for a reason.
- Avoid returning responses (e.g., reconcile.Result, admission.Patched) in anything but Reconcile or Handle functions.

> ## Function Parameter and Return-Value Order
> Ordering of **function parameters** should be:
> 1. Convention
>    - example: `ctx context.Context`
> 2. Interfaces
>    - example: `kubeClient client.Client`
> 3. Data Structs
>    - example: `pod corev1.Pod`
> 4. Simple/base types
>    - example: `data string`
> 
> Ordering of **return values** is simpler, the `err error` should always be the last, and AVOID returning more than 2 values. If more than 2 return values are needed try splitting the logic up or collecting the return values in a `struct`.
> 
> So a full example: `func ExampleFunc(ctx context.Context, kubeClient client.Client, pod corev1.Pod, data string) (corev1.Pod, error) {...}`
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Function Parameter and Return-Value Order
Ordering of **function parameters** should be:
1. Convention
   - example: `ctx context.Context`
2. Interfaces
   - example: `kubeClient client.Client`
3. Data Structs
   - example: `pod corev1.Pod`
4. Simple/base types
   - example: `data string`

Ordering of **return values** is more straightforward; the `err error` should always be the last, and AVOID returning more than two values. If more than two return values are needed, try splitting the logic or collecting the return values in a `struct`.

So a full example: `func ExampleFunc(ctx context.Context, kubeClient client.Client, pod corev1.Pod, data string) (corev1.Pod, error) {...}`

```
